MonitoringAssistant/data/nlu.md, before:

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct
- Ok, Thanks
- Ok, Thanks

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later
- ok bye
- Ok
- Thanks, bye

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there
- Hola
- hola bot
- Hi
- Hello bot
- Hello
- Hello
- Hi

## intent:jobdetails
- show me the status for [joba](jobname:job-a)
- show me the details for [JobA](jobname:job-a)
- show me the details for [jobA](jobname:job-a)
- give me the details for [jobA](jobname:job-a)
- fetch me the details for [job-a](jobname)
- show me the status for [jobb](jobname:job-b)
- show me the details for [JobB](jobname:job-b)
- show me the details for [jobB](jobname:job-b)
- give me the details for [jobB](jobname:job-b)
- fetch me the details for [job-b](jobname)
- show me the details for [job-b](jobname)
- show me the details for [job-a](jobname)
- give me the details for [joba](jobname:job-a)
- show me the status for [job-d](jobname)

## intent:jobstatus
- show me the status of jobs in scheduler
- show me the status
- What's the status?
- What is the status of jobs?
- How are the jobs in scheduler?
- Please show me the status of jobs in scheduler
- Pls, show me the status
- fetch me the job status
- pls fetch me the status of jobs
- show me the status of jobs
- find me job status
- show me the status of jobs
- show me the job status
- give me the status of jobs

## intent:serverstatus
- show me the server statistics
- show me the status of server
- show me server status
- give me server statistics
- give me server status
- fetch me server statistics
- fetch me server status
- pls give me the server statistics
- Ok, show me server status

## intent:servicerestart
- restart the service
- pls restart the service
- do a service restart once
- restart service
- pls restart the service
- restart service

## synonym:job-a
- joba
- JobA
- jobA
- job-A
- job-a

## synonym:job-b
- jobb
- JobB
- jobB
- job-b
- job-B

Commit message:

fixed one bug in service, added training data and code for service restart using python os module.

MonitoringAssistant/data/nlu.md, after:

## intent:affirm
- yes
- indeed
- of course
- that sounds good
- correct
- Ok, Thanks
- Ok, Thanks
- thanks

## intent:goodbye
- bye
- goodbye
- see you around
- see you later
- ok bye
- Ok
- Thanks, bye

## intent:greet
- hey
- hello
- hi
- good morning
- good evening
- hey there
- Hola
- hola bot
- Hi
- Hello bot
- Hello
- Hello
- Hi
- Hello

## intent:jobdetails
- show me the status for [joba](jobname:job-a)
- show me the details for [JobA](jobname:job-a)
- show me the details for [jobA](jobname:job-a)
- give me the details for [jobA](jobname:job-a)
- fetch me the details for [job-a](jobname)
- show me the status for [jobb](jobname:job-b)
- show me the details for [JobB](jobname:job-b)
- show me the details for [jobB](jobname:job-b)
- give me the details for [jobB](jobname:job-b)
- fetch me the details for [job-b](jobname)
- show me the details for [job-b](jobname)
- show me the details for [job-a](jobname)
- give me the details for [joba](jobname:job-a)
- show me the status for [job-d](jobname)
- show me the details for [joba](jobname:job-a)

## intent:jobstatus
- show me the status of jobs in scheduler
- show me the status
- What's the status?
- What is the status of jobs?
- How are the jobs in scheduler?
- Please show me the status of jobs in scheduler
- Pls, show me the status
- fetch me the job status
- pls fetch me the status of jobs
- show me the status of jobs
- find me job status
- show me the status of jobs
- show me the job status
- give me the status of jobs
- show me the job status

## intent:serverstatus
- show me the server statistics
- show me the status of server
- show me server status
- give me server statistics
- give me server status
- fetch me server statistics
- fetch me server status
- pls give me the server statistics
- Ok, show me server status

## intent:servicerestart
- restart the service
- pls restart the service
- do a service restart once
- restart service
- pls restart the service
- restart service
- restart service

## synonym:job-a
- joba
- JobA
- jobA
- job-A
- job-a

## synonym:job-b
- jobb
- JobB
- jobB
- job-b
- job-B
